Basic Questions : 

1. What is the Difference between the Drop, Delete and Truncate?
2. How to Drop multiple tables at once?
3. How to Rename a Database Object(i.e, database, table, etc..)?
4. What is the Difference Between Primary Key and Foreign Key?
5. Can we join two tables without having Primary Key and Foreign Key Constraints?. If Yes then Why Primary Key and ForeignKey?
6. How to filter the Data by using starting letter or ending letter?
7. Is it possible to Update multiple columns at once?
8. How many types of Constraints are there in SQL and What are those?
9. Is it possible to join four tables at once?
10.How to Limit the records of a table in SQL?


Medium Questions :

1. How to merge two columns in SQL?
2. For Example you have created a view on one table. Can we Update that View?
3. Write a Query to Alter a Column of a table?
4. Create a table with ID,Name,Salary Columns and While inserting the data into that table the ID column values should be added automatically from 100.
5. Example You have a view in your Database and that view has an SQL Query for Employee table(i.e: Select * from Employee).
   The Question is If you Update the Employee table. The View also Updated or Not?
6. Example You have a column(ID) in a table and that column(ID) has 1 to 20 ID's Now i want to retrive ID's between 1 to 10 
   for that i will use BETWEEN operator (i.e: Select ID from Employee Where ID BETWEEN 1 And 10).
   Now How many records will you get 1 to 10 ID's or 1 to 9 ID's?
7. What is the Difference between Rank() and Dense_Rank()?
8. What is MERGE Statement in SQL?
9. How many types of Temporary tables are there in SQL Server? and What are those?
10.What is Correlated Subquery in SQL

Advanced Questions :

1. What is CTE and What is the Difference between Recursie and Non-Recursive CTE?
2. What is the difference between the Inine-Table Valued Function and Multi Statement Table-Valued Function?
3. What is the difference between Clustored Index and Non-Clutsored Index?
4. What is Trigger in SQL and Types of Triggers?
5. What is the Difference Between Group By and Partition By?
6. Imagine you have a table in that table there is two columns(i.e.[ID] and [NAME]), [ID] column has 10 ID's and [NAME] column has 10 Names. 
   I want to retrive Last 2 records. How will you do that?
   SELECT * FROM ACCOUNT 
   ORDER BY ACCOUNT_ID 
   OFFSET 8 ROWS 
   FETCH NEXT 2 ROWS ONLY
7. Write a Query to find Name of the runners, who did not win a single game? (Will send the scrreenshot of the Tables)
8. Write a Query to fetch all the Employes who are also managers from the EmployeeDetails table?(Will send the scrreenshot of the Tables)

  